Create repo_process_guidelines.md (#89)
decentralized-identity/presentation-exchange: contributing.md

# Addendum to C&C WG Work Item: Credential Presentation

[NON-NORMATIVE/NON-BINDING] Guidelines for Repository Process

# Working Group Repository Process

The Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF) provides guidelines for Repository
Process that each Working Group can "fork," fine-tune, and ratify during their 
meetings. The process is designed to simplify and consolidate GitHub status 
tracking of work items managed by the Working Group. 

## Repository Process

### Repository Maintainer 
Maintainers are expected to handle the repository management as described in the
Repository Process (below).

### Repository Maintainer selection
Maintainers must be Working Group Participants selected by Working Group 

> Participants via consensus. At 	least 3 maintainers must be to be active at any 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Participants via consensus. At least 3 maintainers must be to be active at any 
```

PROPOSED status until the next working group call (regular or scheduled). 

During periods of **crunch mode** development, this may move as fast as 2 
business days. 
* At least two maintainers should still review all PRs, but change-request and 
discussion should realistically reflect **crunch mode** turnaround. Opening 
issues for REFINING stage instead of or addition to change requests is 
encouraged in case of rushed merges.
* Chairs may ask assignees to check in or progress issues daily
* Crunch-mode target state is to have PRs merged by the next meeting for any 
assigned issue.

#### Assigning section content in the REFINING state: 

When the Working Group Participants come to a consensus about the amount and 
type of content that’s appropriate. While in this state, all substantive changes 
to the section must be associated with a GitHub issue and must either be 
approved by a maintainer different from the person who raised the issue, or by 
consensus among Working Group Participants during a Working Group call. During 
the REFINING state, the Working Group will request feedback from other 
decentralized identity-related and -adjacent communities. Ideally, these inputs

> will lead to issues for consensual/deliberative resolution. This merges Further

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will lead to issues for consensual/deliberative resolution. Further
```

validation and improvement of the section can/expected to be done via (code) 
implementations and testing. 

During periods of **normal mode** development, issue-linked PRs should allow up 
to 5 business day for review and change requests.  During periods of **crunch 
mode** development, this window is reduced to 2 business days. At least two 
maintainers should still review all PRs.

#### Assigning section content in the STABLE state: 

> when all of the following conditions are met: 

Reviewer 3: When

> when all of the following conditions are met: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When all of the following conditions are met: 
```

* There is quality code that demonstrates the concepts it describes.
* There are no outstanding issues related to that section that the Working Group 
Participants consider substantive.
* The Working Group has at least 2 conformant implementations, at least 1 of
which originated outside of the Working Group 

> When consensus has been arrived at that the above conditions have been reached, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the WG has consensus that the above conditions have been reached, 
```

> the section enters a final 2-week comment period has elapsed without any 
> substantive objections to the LAST-COMMENTS status. The start of this period, 
> intended for "last comments," should be announced on the Working Group mailing 
> list. If substantial discussion or change happens, this LAST-COMMENTS phase can
> be extended 1 additional week at the discretion of the chairs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the section enters a final 2-week comment period if no substantive
objections are raised against the LAST-COMMENTS status. The start
of this period, intended for "last comments," should be announced
on the Working Group mailing list. If substantial discussion or change
happens, this LAST-COMMENTS phase can be extended 1 additional
week at the discretion of the chairs.
```

Not sure if this wording captures the intended meaning, but the original text wasn't clear to me.

Once a section reaches STABLE status, non-substantive changes can be merged at 
maintainer discretion, however, substantive changes are generally discouraged 
except by discretion of the chairs. Even then, substantial changes should be 

> discussed on a Working Group call or discussed (however briefly) on a Working 
> Group call if resolved asynchronously via GitHub issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
discussed on a Working Group call. If resolved asynchronously via GitHub issues,
the discussion during a Working Group call may be brief.
```

# Working Group Repository Process

The Decentralized Identity Foundation (DIF) provides guidelines for Repository Process that each Working Group can "fork," fine-tune, and ratify during their meetings. The process is designed to simplify and consolidate GitHub status tracking of work items managed by the Working Group. 

## Repository Process

### Repository Maintainer 
Maintainers are expected to handle the repository management as described in the Repository Process (below).

### Repository Maintainer selection
Maintainers must be Working Group Participants selected by Working Group Participants via consensus. At 	least 3 maintainers must be to be active at any given time operating the Repository Process for the Working Group. Maintainers *MUST* have different organizational affiliations to represent the diversity of the Working Group (i.e., no two maintainers should work for the same company, organization, or project).

### Specification Formatting Requirements

* 80-char fixed-width columns (aka "hard wraps") required by this specification.

### Repository process

> The Repository process is an extension of the *Deliverable Development Process – Draft* section detailed in DIF’s Charter. The goal of this process is to introduce a repository management processes for the work section developed by the Working Group. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Repository process is an extension of the *Deliverable Development
Process – Draft* section detailed in DIF’s Charter. The goal of this process
is to introduce a repository management processes for the work section
developed by the Working Group. 
```
In light of the recommended formatting requirements, should this document be hard wrapped at 80 characters?
